Overriding: out_dir = out-shakespeare-finetune
number of parameters: 21.27M
Loading meta from data/oldmansea_char/meta.pkl...


B6G4JIng coon lon rhe the fish he to the sas the of of the and mine ot ie sojafous ther the agell Ttell cov of sould onof will differing ou the fith lime till had lis and the mawt suaide in rome that be awv at he wataccmred and csas and and him the houghl no that the the ead and he weasn line ain the no, he fight and. The ri and of the the calin, shar om at
uTh] dosr gueat he of said. I/ and ne cand titing a he wish disten somenw hisr. 
tI the saLold reeman the sueue tho ctnoon, whe old no knen
---------------

Btc eue c]ll orn and fuelin the whe the bin hims. I thif waill and his to fake hit ins in rhade wight the borhing wall on firh heu in a lisets alonew leer ank weet and him dowh feeed mided bop the the man tho the srill bte uket his hiw thand the ueed at the iss bertle rhake kast leye he make and the thoo he aas to mar nols and the bease-ing the he diyes coll old bas in of the jhe in his to b he be man tissve lefred. 
He, woowld finat a ]ar he him sime alt tueall of the old in the thefn the sid t
---------------

BIg ing the leatell ead Fill come mold can the “il. I could yHe all then the canked hir bovle brck the alt and his the him the bere rrlinqould fo saith fish the bo: sean said puight tat he beack al] and the raivh and and swte molooce hat all sill mat hasil he yid nor. 9ter he beeataing he right daig the b[som mad he firh joored of wou him bou sith no0 whe cading fod coat fank was the shaq her. The coun co in of paiked to to calefr in a come in be fish rhen sosllafte hash ne fith. Brt Iw aa it a 
---------------

IWdj b he dton he wopou, the saiwh he compv it the, thersre of the his deelere his and he coxgh the mop peat and the Aton. 
Ir thome alin tight. 
The line baglint, I mill this and the beWe hined he wasch. The whe of the lopp dean the fiwh and his in tho peas arker in dopling as daad int, line sith siph the mas and ousinte he aw and he has and he deat the fish the fod man so, he cat to ine eadoled sas old he he comt of shacy had and he the imen iu he ditrouceved. Ber the he lid back vill the
ote 
---------------

It, taod toagrere artted and ours the caneadsu fon. Btt the ahoud fighr it of himw tould gatime ar the haded the tatiis. He dtead said on tish and the gor and sinloot beet fanr
yIce till the bebud ild boun will and the baad sefF the. 
The at wone the cou he sall raideen apt line lor the alow he tors heade the the thaco tought right as thor that had uout to his a bate had no to ssill ax me ough the the vors and and wsill beare he tin, and he dilliten leme thought. tat the said. Then,,fing he he t
---------------


B6C6C:JH/ alitp sor the whorght. 4w 
’I sil to me the balf the himw. 4Yked. 4o sacot lead of the iold man sem the in there rlinor and the yowll pine line and and the to yo yaid. Noolt wou and thet he fit cometer the old made old back hig wo ]llor man he bops he the ceater he had of and nof the ge leill old mote taited ar in lereas seme the is he knovled casr sie to facer hem-y Hesn lour the staling the atat oles the as at he toxs mas baind the fish. 
uGouWhe fiied memslef is he momew he ta svea
---------------

HW the the loought. had. 
Theat wot, he of the ray on the him hi stould and sime thoot mans rttall on she and the noke. 
or the bout of noun on uas the ig sriYed. 
Ist gat bont uour a thast wack the mors and he has steatsbing the len foou he gahe themr oF When wee teer fish. 
rhe cled withem swithoted sowt he wight fing himm wealy ih beade now seite. Thig(S fitole wto wrtaiTg poouy yeen ay the coar dling the deeate nor of the finat ind the me lire thong and thme was rhe in, and the had man som t
---------------

and o”ld manwoad the of whe the nopcss of the sas mS wuho mt what anrt deed stowgh I wee rhorgh been dar the the as the tid the leeade toued wide wis and. Br
tIo the cS a fo lesre kall one knor, sownt onshed he the aid raid. I had thoje on a and loom a notted op old man iTa il as in phe sing the datten of feiting lime soner yese as hiv wach candping of niated is to the fith the of in fish,,

3J4?:C892B/
Ingga/ the uel ill fin, Dmemed fish, the filed, and the toouf the lebmf the lat the oust bn w
---------------

He bield the fuoo se ould man the fod he had in baakeng old haddewsoughl.k Hops fa2s and a the delle man ouw baing a thease. The ca hioughs whe bam bew ir is no then wowe and rhe dat and then fat he statel him then the ]owhe far satk gat and rou mand do as and lith fish ith to he the ther ank on he id had ocf the soy btleas the khe hought wat the be jeen at them aly the miue ting goorght. The cid byteWfing he F sear highap and chen suthe. Hojghtits alcar ank loou urgh bere not his lere,, ihe the
---------------

FJ66C BV the gaidgeh,.

86DG86/
2aPh! weme id bn and sell and the Qndet. 
The moman wat him wo rore matt the the fith hid. 

Hate, thim is 
lind thepigh fe. Bf The be lith couet good do the lise till the the lo wawe line he him toor. 
uHeutaadln. Buhted hit I said ad time pear i, old thng old man hake sovghbred. It wo “lomed of on hate to the uifing, and poked at to Pha bage wire the wisen as in baid to ale man hase fith suirers in the dauaing the he daid. 
The would in and as a ’eay the the pou
---------------
